documentation updates (#76)
VSC-NeuroPilot/neuropilot: docs/src/content/docs/reference/dependencies.mdx

<Aside type="tip">

> You probably will most likely only needing to be looking for extension dependencies, as the dependencies from `npm` that we use should already be bundled in the extension build.

Reviewer: Grammar
```suggestion
You will most likely only need to look for extension dependencies, as the dependencies from `npm` that we use should already be bundled in the extension build.
```
